1) Are these tests stable/will they give us false positives?
  These tests are NOT stable. Because this project is collaborative - meaning the database houses employees added by not only myself, but "coworkers" as well, employees that I am testing for can be a false negative/postive. For example, if I am testing that "Luke Skywalker" does not exist in the Enter Wanted App, and I personally added and deleted the emplpoyee named "Luke Skywalker", someone else could have also added an employee named "Luke Skywalker" which would not give me the results from the test that I am expecting.
2) Do these tests miss bugs you could find manually following the same processes?
  Yes, I spent hours (all day prettty much) struggling with syntax and logic flow trying to figure out how to code my intended logic, but thoughout that time I saw that if someone else pressed "add employee" my tests would error out because of the existing "New Employee" which was created by someone else running their own tests. I would have to manually delete the employee called "New Employee" and then run my tests again. Exploratory testing is much faster to find bugs in my opinion, so I'm not sure when I would or should be using code to automate tests. Do you only automate tests after doing exploratory testing, or do you write automated tests to find the bugs that may have been found fast with exploratory testing?
3) What would you change about the testing if you were given enough time?
    I would ask the developers to make each employee name unique in the database, so that you cannot have duplicate employees - causing false postives/negatives in our automated tests
    I would also make sure to remove "New Employee" before each test, however, as this database is live and is shared I don't know if that would be destructive to other people's testing.
    I would also would have liked to figure out how to/and complete the test I wanted to write for iterating through the employees.json object (array), checking if they exist in the database, and if they didn't - to add them to the database. I couldn't figure out how to write  the correct syntax, and couldn't figure out how to make async function invocations within a foreach.